README.md, before:

# Motala Church procject
The Motala Church website there to inform users who want to learn about the history of the church or potentially visit the location. I want the website to be easy to use for gather information about the church.

![Photo showing website on multiple devices](/assets/images/responsiveness-to-website.png)

# Features

## Existing Features

## Navigation bar
The so called navbar is there to help the user find what they want on the website. There are four multiple clickable options for the user to find what they need as quick as possible. The navbar contains the Home button by clicking the "Motala Church" button, About, Contact and Gallery. By pressing these buttons you will be sent to your desired location.

![Photo showing navbar](/assets/images/navbar.png)

## Question section
I wanted to make sure that potential tourist that want to visit the location don't have any unanswered questios ahead of their visit. The user only has to enter their email and the question they want answered. I have used a fieldset tag to contain the form tag. Inside the form tag there is a input with the type of email and a textarea tag to insert your question. The two text inputs are required which menas that you have to fill in a email and a write something in the textarea  before clicking the submit button under.
![Photo showing question section](/assets/images/questionbar.png)
## Visit boxes
If the user wants to visit but don't really know how to yet, this section will try to make up your mind by giving options and explaining the options. This section will be a huge help to potential visitors.
![Photo showing the visit boxes](/assets/images/visit-boxes.png)
# Features Left to Implement
- Expansion of the gallery page
- Add more boxes to the visit boxes

# Testing 
I have sent the link of my websit to my two of my mates to act as "playtester" for the website and they found no bugs on the website after trying it for about 10 minutes. They tried the features and tried on various browsers and on both PC and Iphone 12. This is understandable since the website is quite basic its just HTML code with some basic CSS. I'm sure the website would be riddled with bugs if the website had more features and had more coding languages incorperated.
## Bugs

### 1. Mobile responsiveness not working/ Media Query not working properly
When trying the mobile responsiveness on the website the media query tags were forgotten by the website when trying it. Developer tools also didn't see the media query tags that I've made for that particular max-width. I, of course was very frustrated by this since I'm not that experinced with media queries in CSS so I thought it was my fault and started researching Media Queries in CSS. I tried a lot of different max-widths and none worked for anything below 700px so I continued my reseatrch on why Media Queries dont apply to my website.
Solution:
The solution I found was on a post on stackoverflow.com where a user said that if changes in CSS don't show try to update cache.And the solution was that easy. I often update cache but this time I didn't think about it. So I tried the CTRL+SHIFT+R command and everything work as it normally should.

## Validators

- W3C Validator showed no errors : https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpengabutiken.github.io%2FMotala-Church%2F
- Jigsaw Validator showed no errors : http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?lang=sv&profile=css3svg&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpengabutiken.github.io%2FMotala-Church%2F&usermedium=all&vextwarning=&warning=1

# Deployment
I used  GitHub which is a free developer website where you can host projects to deploy my website. GitHub have a feature called GitHub Pages where you can launch your repositry to a live website. 
## How To Deploy
On your chosen repositry page to the Settings tab in the GitHub repository, then click "Pages". Choose the "main" Branch from the drop-down menu for the source section. The page will automatically update and if everything is working accordingly there will be a link to your website. This link is sharable and can be used on all devices and browsers.

## Link To My Website




# Credits

## Content
- The information in the about section was found on the official website of the Swedish Church (https://www.svenskakyrkan.se/motala/motala-kyrka)
- Before this project I didnt know much a about the Display CSS rule but after playing this game for about 40 minutes I really learned how to position diffrent things properly. The game is called Flexbox Froggy. (https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
- I used icons in the navigation bar and footer  taken from Font Awesome. (https://fontawesome.com/)
- I needed inspiration for my navigation bar so I watched one video about navbars and used some of his tips and tricks. The Youtube user is called "Web Master". (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZotQNKyvZsw&ab_channel=WebMaster)
- I wanted to make my code look as professional as possible so I tried following some code etiquette taken from this website. (https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/writing-your-best-code/)

## Media
- Pictures in the Gallery and the image on the home page are pictures taken from the Swedish church, Motala Church's wikipedia page and the local newspaper called Motala Vadstena Tidning. (https://www.svenskakyrkan.se/motala/motala-kyrka     https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motala_kyrka      https://mvt.se/bli-prenumerant/artikel/r2p7413j/mvt-bf_3m3kr_e)

Commit message:

added lighthouse to my readme

README.md, after:

# Motala Church procject
The Motala Church website there to inform users who want to learn about the history of the church or potentially visit the location. I want the website to be easy to use for gather information about the church.

![Photo showing website on multiple devices](/assets/images/responsiveness-to-website.png)

# Features

## Existing Features

## Navigation bar
The so called navbar is there to help the user find what they want on the website. There are four multiple clickable options for the user to find what they need as quick as possible. The navbar contains the Home button by clicking the "Motala Church" button, About, Contact and Gallery. By pressing these buttons you will be sent to your desired location.

![Photo showing navbar](/assets/images/navbar.png)

## Question section
I wanted to make sure that potential tourist that want to visit the location don't have any unanswered questios ahead of their visit. The user only has to enter their email and the question they want answered. I have used a fieldset tag to contain the form tag. Inside the form tag there is a input with the type of email and a textarea tag to insert your question. The two text inputs are required which menas that you have to fill in a email and a write something in the textarea  before clicking the submit button under.
![Photo showing question section](/assets/images/questionbar.png)
## Visit boxes
If the user wants to visit but don't really know how to yet, this section will try to make up your mind by giving options and explaining the options. This section will be a huge help to potential visitors.
![Photo showing the visit boxes](/assets/images/visit-boxes.png)
# Features Left to Implement
- Expansion of the gallery page
- Add more boxes to the visit boxes

# Testing 
I have sent the link of my websit to my two of my mates to act as "playtester" for the website and they found no bugs on the website after trying it for about 10 minutes. They tried the features and tried on various browsers and on both PC and Iphone 12. This is understandable since the website is quite basic its just HTML code with some basic CSS. I'm sure the website would be riddled with bugs if the website had more features and had more coding languages incorperated.
## Bugs

### 1. Mobile responsiveness not working/ Media Query not working properly
When trying the mobile responsiveness on the website the media query tags were forgotten by the website when trying it. Developer tools also didn't see the media query tags that I've made for that particular max-width. I, of course was very frustrated by this since I'm not that experinced with media queries in CSS so I thought it was my fault and started researching Media Queries in CSS. I tried a lot of different max-widths and none worked for anything below 700px so I continued my reseatrch on why Media Queries dont apply to my website.
Solution:
The solution I found was on a post on stackoverflow.com where a user said that if changes in CSS don't show try to update cache.And the solution was that easy. I often update cache but this time I didn't think about it. So I tried the CTRL+SHIFT+R command and everything work as it normally should.

## Validators

- W3C Validator showed no errors : https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpengabutiken.github.io%2FMotala-Church%2F
- Jigsaw Validator showed no errors : http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?lang=sv&profile=css3svg&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpengabutiken.github.io%2FMotala-Church%2F&usermedium=all&vextwarning=&warning=1

## Lighthouse
Lighthouse results:
![Lighthouse results](/assets/images/lighthouse1.png)


![Lighthouse results2](/assets/images/lighthouse2.png)

Where the website is lacking is the preformance aspect and as the pictures shows it's because of images. To prevent this in the future I could use a website like (https://tinypng.com/) to minimaize the size of image files. I can even use smaller images if I want to have a gallery feature on my website to not make the performance even worse.

# Deployment
I used  GitHub which is a free developer website where you can host projects to deploy my website. GitHub have a feature called GitHub Pages where you can launch your repositry to a live website. 
## How To Deploy
On your chosen repositry page to the Settings tab in the GitHub repository, then click "Pages". Choose the "main" Branch from the drop-down menu for the source section. The page will automatically update and if everything is working accordingly there will be a link to your website. This link is sharable and can be used on all devices and browsers.

## Link To My Website




# Credits

## Content
- The information in the about section was found on the official website of the Swedish Church (https://www.svenskakyrkan.se/motala/motala-kyrka)
- Before this project I didnt know much a about the Display CSS rule but after playing this game for about 40 minutes I really learned how to position diffrent things properly. The game is called Flexbox Froggy. (https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
- I used icons in the navigation bar and footer  taken from Font Awesome. (https://fontawesome.com/)
- I needed inspiration for my navigation bar so I watched one video about navbars and used some of his tips and tricks. The Youtube user is called "Web Master". (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZotQNKyvZsw&ab_channel=WebMaster)
- I wanted to make my code look as professional as possible so I tried following some code etiquette taken from this website. (https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/writing-your-best-code/)

## Media
- Pictures in the Gallery and the image on the home page are pictures taken from the Swedish church, Motala Church's wikipedia page and the local newspaper called Motala Vadstena Tidning. (https://www.svenskakyrkan.se/motala/motala-kyrka     https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motala_kyrka      https://mvt.se/bli-prenumerant/artikel/r2p7413j/mvt-bf_3m3kr_e)
